this is my 93 Silverado just pick it up
last week for 500 bucks from buddy's dad
I think it's pretty good though it's
good looking true it's got four fairly
new tires on we're on to the bag on
tailgate pretty scratched up you could
he's a new bumper it's kind of shitty
but body's fairly you know fairly good
stepson not really steps up and you know
it'll work
it's got the 350 in it it's got a couple
miles on it you know but everything
works AC words all that all that good
stuff you know backseat
these new headliner but it's got
$223,000 all that this is the original
motor start up for you
it's got really good ol pressure motor
doesn't smoke doesn't burn anymore old
and supposed to and it's also got a
rebuilt transmission those beer bill uh
two years ago with twenty thousand miles
on the rebuilt transmission but you know
Iran's gibbehh
open a Ramage runs good
let's underneath
cut them up off of it big-ass hole in it
and
this just got a piece of straight pop
I'm probably gonna hear the exhaust but
on a thing about putting that on there
it's just a 10 inch with the turn down
but trying to three inch and a thirty
inch and I'll sweating my ass off I
couldn't get a get a good tag on it on
the inside really I just said the hell
with it but probably getting some kind
of sonic pulse coming out right there I
think I look pretty good yeah 93
Chevrolet Silverado